Putting It All Together
With all of the primary resources covered,
let’s demonstrate how this
would look in a real-world scenario.
We’re going to attack our
dedicated Linux client,
which is hosting an application that
is vulnerable to a public exploit.
We begin our enumeration process
by running nmap
to determine what services the
machine has exposed to the network.
This nmap scan will scan all TCP ports…
Perform version detection with
very verbose output…
And display only open ports and
the reason for the ports state.
Based on the output of our scan,
it appears that the system is
running an SSH server
on TCP port 22 and various
services noted as “JAMES”.
Using Google to get more information
on what the JAMES services are
leads us to believe that our
target is running Apache James.
In order to locate any available exploits,
we’ll use the searchsploit tool.
Among the results, it appears
that one of the exploits
is targeting the specific
Apache James Server version
that's running on our target system.
A quick glance at this exploit shows that
it takes the IP address as an argument…
and executes a specific command as root
defined in the payload variable.
Now that we’ve located our exploit,
we’ll attempt to run it against
our dedicated
Linux client without any modifications.
The exploit appears to have worked
without any errors
and it informs us that the
payload will be executed
once a user logs in
to the machine.
We’ll connect to our
dedicated Linux client
to simulate a login that would
normally occur from the victim.
After we authenticate, we get
additional clutter from the exploit
that would not occur during
a standard login session.
If everything worked according to plan,
we should see a proof.txt file
under the /root directory.
Very nice. It looks like the
exploit was successful.